README.md, before:

# Jenkins Github OAuth Plugin

* License: [MIT Licensed](LICENSE.txt)
* Read more: [GitHub OAuth Plugin wiki page][wiki]
* Latest build: [![Build Status][build-image]][build-link]
* [Contributions are welcome](CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Overview

The GitHub OAuth plugin provides a means of securing a Jenkins instance by
offloading authentication and authorization to GitHub.  The plugin authenticates
by using a [GitHub OAuth Application][github-wiki-oauth].  It can use multiple
authorization strategies for authorizing users.  GitHub users are surfaced as
Jenkins users for authorization.  GitHub organizations and teams are surfaced as
Jenkins groups for authorization.  This plugin supports GitHub Enterprise.

More comprehensive documentation is listed on the [wiki page][wiki].

[build-image]: https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/buildStatus/icon?job=plugins/github-oauth-plugin
[build-link]: https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/plugins/job/github-oauth-plugin/
[github-wiki-oauth]: https://developer.github.com/v3/oauth/
[wiki]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Github+OAuth+Plugin

Commit message:

fixed migration from github to gitlab

README.md, after:

# Jenkins GitLab OAuth Plugin

* License: [MIT Licensed](LICENSE.txt)
* Read more: [GitLab OAuth Plugin wiki page][wiki]
* Latest build: [![Build Status][build-image]][build-link]
* [Contributions are welcome](CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Overview

The GitLab OAuth plugin provides a means of securing a Jenkins instance by
offloading authentication and authorization to GitLab.  The plugin authenticates
by using a [GitLab OAuth Application][gitlab-wiki-oauth].  It can use multiple
authorization strategies for authorizing users.  GitLab users are surfaced as
Jenkins users for authorization.  GitLab organizations and teams are surfaced as
Jenkins groups for authorization.

More comprehensive documentation is listed on the [wiki page][wiki].

[build-image]: https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/buildStatus/icon?job=plugins/gitlab-oauth-plugin
[build-link]: https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/plugins/job/gitlab-oauth-plugin/
[gitlab-wiki-oauth]: http://doc.gitlab.com/ce/api/oauth2.html
[wiki]: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Gitlab+OAuth+Plugin
